[ music ]
1x29 - Rad
[ crash ]
[ grunts ]
Hurry!
[ coughs ]
We need to put distance between us and
the ship's compromised power core.
[ coughs ]
And set up the beacon!
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Mayday! Mayday!
[ static ]
This is Magister Arnux.
[ coughs ]
Incursean forces ambushed our...
[ static ]
we are stranded in...
...system.
[ coughs ]
Atmosphere here is...
[ static ]
do not attempt rescue.
[ coughs ]
No Plumbers are safe in
Incursean space.
[ static ]
Repeat, no Plumbers are safe ...
♪ Ben 10 ♪
♪ he's a kid,
and he wants to have fun ♪
♪ but when you need a superhero,
he gets the job done ♪
♪ Ben 10 ♪
♪ with a device that he wears on his arm ♪
♪ he can change his shape and
save the world from harm ♪
♪ when trouble's taking place ♪
♪ he gets right in its face ♪
♪ Ben 10 ♪
♪ when lives are on the line ♪
♪ it's hero time ♪
♪ Ben 10 ♪
sync & correction by f1nc0
~ addic7ed.com ~
Do not attempt rescue.
Repeat, no Plumbers are safe ...
Max: That was the last
transmission from Magister Arnux
and his recon team.
We got a fix on their location.
The beacon originated from
Terminus III.
Ben: Um, what's the big deal?
We can be there in no time.
Rook: Besides the fact that
it is located deep within
Incursean Empire space, the air
of Terminus III is one of the
most toxic in the universe.
Arnux and his squad will not
survive for long.
The atmosphere will eventually
dissolve their rebreathers.
Max: And there's only one known
antidote to that poisonous atmosphere.
Both: The Gracklflint.
Ben: Of course.
I had one of those last week.
Rook: It is a creature, Ben.
Gracklflint venom has unusually
curative powers ...
but only when fresh.
- Ben: Great.
So where can you fresh
Gracklflint venom at this hour?
You can sure find weird stuff
for sale in Undertown.
[ growls ]
A Gracklflint is not weird ...
just atypical.
Which is weird.
Honestly, Blukic, you should
hear yourself sometimes.
Rook: Magister Tennyson,
Ben and I are ready to make the
journey, but if no Plumber ship can
get through the Incursean blockade...
Max: I've arranged some
alternate transportation.
Diamondhead: [ grunting ]
[ sighs ]
This would go a lot quicker
if somebody was helping!
Rook: Our transportation is here.
[ beep, beep ]
Diamondhead: Our ride's
in a black hole? Great!
So what are we doing in Undertown?
Rook: Not a black hole ...
the black hole.
[ scuffling ]
Ungh!
Unh!
[ grunts ]
[ squeals ]
Rook: Wait here.
Diamondhead: "Wait here."
Has he ment me?
[ roars ]
Easy for you to say.
[ dance music plays ]
[ patrons grumbling ]
Rook: Magister Tennyson said our
pilot is the best in the business.
Diamondhead: Bleaaaah!
That's... not guacamole.
What kind of business?
If he hangs out in this place,
he must be one tough dude.
[ echoing ] Dudesman.
[ patrons murmuring ]
[ all whimpering ]
Rad Dudesman.
You're Plumbers?
[ snickers ]
You're a duck!
Rook: Ben.
- Diamondhead: Oh. Sorry.
[ chuckles ]
[ laughing ] But come on!
A duck?
[ chuckles ]
Am I the only one seeing this?
[ whimpers ]
Got a problem with ducks, Rockhead?
- Diamondhead: Not yet.
Rook: Uh, captain Dudesman,
Sir, this rockhead is
Ben Tennyson, wielder of the Omnitrix.
Thought you'd be taller.
Rook: Magister Tennyson said the Lovely
Duck would be perfect for our needs.
Diamondhead: Your ship's called the
Lovely Duck? You're kidding, right?
Two things I never kid about...
[ electricity crackles ]
...my ship.
[ ship alarm beeps, quacks ]
Diamondhead: [ grunts ]
What's the other thing?
[ grunting ]
Seriously ... what?
Wake up, Pyxi.
Customers.
[ ding ]
[ murmuring indistinctly ]
...piano.
[ murmuring continues ]
...temecula.
Yes, Pyxi, they're redspots.
But they'paying redspots.
[ beeping ]
Rook: Onboard A.I. computer.
- Diamondhead: Why not?
Rook: An Enaxian halo grid
wired to the gyro axle?
Our friend here is either a
genius or totally insane.
Ben: Guess which one I vote for.
[ ding ]
[ murmuring indistinctly ]
...mesquite.
Time to go.
[ engines rumble ]
[ cows moo ]
Ben: Ooh!
Uh, this isn't anything
important, is it?
[ quacks ]
Ben: I'm impressed.
Hmph!
All yours, Pyxi.
[ murmuring indistinctly ]
...penultimate.
[ murmuring continues ]
...very, very, not as I do.
Ben: What?
What did she say? Trouble?
"Trouble" is my middle name.
[ alarm blaring ]
Rook: A stowaway, perhaps?
- Not on my ship.
[ beep ]
[ weapon cocks ]
Oh, man!
Ampfibian: Ha! Gotcha!
[ beeping ]
Pax?!
Hey, man! That's just
wrong, zapping a dude when ...
[ whistling ]
Ben: What are you doing on
the Lovely Duck?
Well, somebody needed to be sure the
poor little guy was treated right.
Ben: Who? Rad Dudesman?
- The Gracklflint, man!
I'm here to, you know,
look after his interests.
Rook: The Gracklflint has
only one interest ...
kiling everything that
isn't a Gracklflint.
That's no reason to put it in
a box, Plumber man!
Rook: See here, you chlorophyll-addled
animal-rights clown...
Ben: Rook!
We don't have time for this.
- Rook: Yes. Of course not.
We must get to the stranded
Plumbers immediately.
Hey! Watch the tubers!
- Ben: It's just a good thing
we got here before Pax
could let it out of its cage.
[ loud whirring, roaring ]
...or, you know, just after.
[ music ]
On behalf of the Gracklflint,
I'd like to make a formal complaint!
All: Shut it.
[ ding ]
[ murmuring indistinctly ]
...heliotrope.
[ murmuring continues ]
...so I bit him.
Hee hee hee hee!
Ben: What did she say?
Rook: We have lost power.
We are coming to a stop.
Ben: You understand Rad
Dudesman's onboard whatchimahoozie?
Rook: Not in the slightest.
Look.
Ben: Huh.
[ growls ]
Ben: How much more
Gracklflint can this boat handle
before we don't make it
to those stranded Plumbers?
Commander Raff! A small privateer
has stalled, four units away.
Probably just refugees.
But it could be a booby trap
from one resister or another.
You'd better vaporize it.
No! Wait!
If Princess Attea doesn't get a
full report on what it was,
there's gonna be yelling ...
more than usual.
Yes, commander.
What should we do?
[ clank ]
What you think we should do?
[ growling ]
[ roars ]
[ weapon cocks ]
Both: No!
Ben: Rad! Careful!
- Rook: We need the venom.
Aah!
Rook: Pax!
He's got a really hostile outlook.
You know ... for a duck.
Ben: Thanks to you, the
Gracklflint is threatening the
ship and everyone in it, which is us!
- Rook: Not everything.
You were able to set it free,
and it did not attack you.
Ben: Hey, yeah!
What makes you so special?
I know my rights, okay?
I don't have to say anything if
I don't want to.
And I don't want to.
Ben: Ggh, ghh-g... Rad, I ...
Where'd they go?
[ beep ]
Eye guy? Really?
Sweet!
I haven't seen this guy in,
like, forever!
[ groaning ]
Rook: Come along!
[ strained ]
Let go!
- No!
[ door opens ]
[ snarls ]
[ roars ]
Eye guy: O... kay, buddy.
Everything's fine here.
Nobody wants to grab you and
shove you back in that big ...
[ roars ]
Eye guy:
Aah-Ha-Ha-Ha! My eye!
[ chicken squawks ]
[ whimpers ]
[ weapon cocks ]
[ roars ]
Eye guy: Look out!
5 million freighter
captains the universe, and
I get a trigger-happy
duck with a death wish.
[ beeping ]
Ben: Wait up!
Hold still, pip-squeak.
[ beep ]
Blox: Come on,
Grackl-Grackl-Gracklflint!
Over here!
Who's a kill-crazy monster?
Yes, you! You are!
[ snarls ]
[ whimpers ]
Pyxi!
[ ding ]
Where's "Tammy"?
Buscaglia...
[ muttering indistinctly ]
[ whirring ]
[ gasps ]
[ weapon cocks ]
Blox: No!
Uhgh...
Huh?
You got about two seconds to
explain yourself.
Blox: Look, we need the
creature alive, and you want
your ship to stay in one ... in...
as few pieces as possible.
I've got an idea, but it'll take
timing, cooperation, and it's
extremely dangerous. You in?
- "Danger" is my middle name.
Blox: I thought "trouble" was
your middle name.
[ snarls ]
Pyxi! Cork it!
[ ding ]
[ mumbling indistinctly ]
...buffalo.
[ roars ]
[ grunts ]
[ strained ] I'm not moving!
- Rook: Be still!
Blox: Guys! No!
[ snarling ]
[ both gasp ]
The Paxter really doesn't
go in for the violence.
[ roars ]
Whoa! I'm your side!
[ chomps ]
[ gasps ]
H-Hey! You're not
making a salad, you know?
[ chuckling ] All right, brother.
This is what you're after.
[ chomps ]
[ sniffing ]
Great plan.
- Blox: I can't help how it turned out.
[ chomping ]
[ muffled grunting ]
Blox: Shh!
[ growling softly ]
So not cool, man. Forcing
me to use my, you know...
[ beeping ]
...natural essence to exploit
a poor, defenseless ...
Ben: Dude, that wasn't the plan!
But if I'd known you were edible,
I would have made you the plan.
[ crash, rumbling ]
Pyxi! Status report!
[ ding ]
[ muttering indistinctly ] ...flugelhorn
...satellite with swishy drapes...
[ muttering continues ]
Ben: What did she say?!
[ rapid beeping ]
Attention, alien vessel.
This is commander Raff, of the
unstoppable Incursean armada.
You are suspiciously disabled in
Incursean space.
Prepare to be boarded and searched.
Ben: Never mind.
I'm up to speed.
Rook: The Incurseans are
about to board us, and the
Gracklflint has disabled our
weapons.
The worm has turned, man.
That's all I know.
The worm has turned.
Rook: Agreed.
[ beep ]
[ ding ]
...superheterodyne fracas...
[ muttering indistinctly ]
Grey Matter: Pyxi's right.
A standoff's gonna thrash what's
left of the ship.
Hey!
I understood that!
[ muttering indistinctly ]
...bentura voulebard...
[ muttering continues ]
Grey Matter: Don't worry.
If Grey Matter's brilliant
little brain can't get us
out of this, nothing can.
Rook: Ben?
- Grey Matter: I'm thinking.
I am totally bummed out!
I'm a failure!
I helped put a living, beautiful
Gracklflint in a box!
[ crying ]
[ voice breaking ] Not cool.
Rook: That "beautiful"
creature disabled our engines,
weapons systems, and merchant
vessel license broadcast.
And we are now endangered, as well.
Why is freeing the human and
the Revonnahgander and the
duck any less important
than freeing the Gracklflint?
Oh, hey, was that me?
Grey Matter: Eureka!
I shall fix the Lovely Duck.
Rook, slip out the exhaust vents
and cut us loose.
Rad, clear this ship of frogs.
[ weapons cock ] I will make
them cry for their mamas.
Grey Matter: Pyxi...
- Tiny bubbles.
Grey Matter: Get ready to floor it.
- Buffalo.
A-And what do I do?
Grey Matter: Go to the cargo
bay and... be yourself.
Fan out! Confiscate, capture,
and destroy anything that moves!
[ croaks ]
Hey, frogs in boots.
How's it goin'?
Major Glorf, have the captain
and his cargo brought to me.
Search the ship.
- Grey Matter: Pyxi, the
airlock's damaged, so I have to
time these doors just right.
Can you give me master control?
- Marzipan coachella unguent...
[ muttering indistinctly ]
[ ding ]
You're just lucky that I'm a
pacifist.
Huh?!
It's a duck.
Duck this!
You're the captain?
Eh... I'm not really into,
you know, titles.
Open it!
- Can do. Can do.
[ snarling ]
[ growls ]
[ screaming ]
[ croaks ]
Go on, little Gracklflint.
Revel in your freedom.
[ snarls ]
[ indistinct shouting ]
[ gun beeping ]
Stand your ground!
Run!
Grey Matter: Reroute the Parmian bypass,
account for radiological fluctuations.
Warpdrive upshift mechanism
recalibrated.
[ engines rumble ]
[ all screaming ]
Cargo doors open!
Go, Pyxi!
Whoa!
I thought you guys were cool.
You totally abandoned that
poor little Gracklflint!
Wait for it, salad brain.
- Wait for what?!
I mean, I went along with your
plan, but I don't see ...
[ beep, beep ]
Attention, alien vessel.
This is commander Raff of the
deathless Incursean battle armada.
Ben: Oh, hey, Raff.
Long time.
Ben Tennyson!
I might have known.
[ frogs screaming ]
Remove this beast from my ship,
and I'll grant you safe passage.
Ben: And?
- And?! And what?!
And a set of Galvan
horizontal thrusters.
Fine! Fine! Anything!
Just get this monstrosity off my ship!
And none of you ever mention
this incident to anyone!
[ sighs ]
Thank you.
The Pax cannot abide this
whole leash thing, man.
Rook: I am suppressing an inordinately
powerful urge to knock you out.
Ben: Don't worry, Pax.
Rad Dudesman's gonna transport
this guy to a place where the
Gracklflints run free.
So long as I am paid.
"Profit" is my middle name.
Ben: Sure it is.
Attaboy, man!
Get the tuber! Get it!
Yes, you can!
[ crash ]
Rook: Ben.
I accessed Rad's dossier.
Awards, commendations, and
outstanding judgments ...
all in the name of...
Ben: "Captain Rad Profit
Danger Trouble Dudesman."
Told you.
sync & correction by f1nc0
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org